# W4MP1DUDL3's Heli Training Guide

## Preface
This training guide is intended for anybody that wants to learn or become better at, flying in the game of SQUAD. In terms of current skill level this guide has the capability to extend to both ends of the spectrum. From the most basic helicopter physics to meta-level stategies for pilots every tiopic is goping to be covered extensively, so feel free to jump arround and read whatever seems new to you. Should you decide to follow the guide from the very beginning, you will learn everything needed to become one of the most consistend and well trained individuals in the SQUAD playerbase.

## Chapter 1: Basic Helicopter Terminology and Physics
The physics of flight have long been studied and can be summarized as follows. For anything to be considered flying the force of lift must be grater than or equal to the force of gravity. Conventionally, with airplanes that lift is gained through the use of wings with an specific cross section. Said cross section is what we refer to as an airfoil. Similarly the rotors or our helicopter have that same cross section. If oyu are interested in the physics behind how an airfoil creates lift check out:________ . All we need to know at this moment is that in order to increase the lift generated by an airfoil you either (Newton) need to increase the angle of attack or increase the airspeed of the wind traveling around the foli (Bernouli).

In our case since a helicopter controls the amount of lift by angling the blades. This is what is reffered to as "collective".
